
The Fifth:

This project aims to:
 - To stream a flux of detected emotions of all individuals in a group into a Database.
 - Carry out cluster analysis on the data to divide the group into various subgroups.

Motivation:
The emotional health of team members is a good indicator to weather the team reaches their
objective or not.
At my workplace we are required to fill-out emotional health survey twice a day. The issue
is that I can deliberately wrongfully fill out the simple survey. However, I would not be
able to express disingenuous facial expression for the whole time.



Build status
Build status of continuous integration i.e. travis, appveyor etc. Ex. -

Structure of the App

src
│   server/server.js    # App entry point
└───GraphQL-controller  # GraphQL controller for app endpoint
└───config              # Environment variables and configuration
└───Models              # Database models
└───services            # All the business logic is here
└───tests               # All the tests are here


Code style
If you're using any code style like xo, standard etc. That will help others while contributing to your project. Ex. -

js-standard-style

Screenshots
Include logo/demo screenshot etc.

Tech/framework used
VueJS, GraphQl, Express, NodeJs, MongoDB

Built with

javascript

Features
-What makes your project stand out?

Code Example
-Show what the library does as concisely as possible, developers should be able to figure out how your project solves their problem by looking at the code example. Make sure the API you are showing off is obvious, and that your code is short and concise.

Installation
Provide step by step series of examples and explanations about how to get a development env running.

API Reference
Depending on the size of the project, if it is small and simple enough the reference docs can be added to the README. For medium size to larger projects it is important to at least provide a link to where the API reference docs live.

Tests
Describe and show how to run the tests with code examples.

How to use?
If people like your project they’ll want to learn how they can use it. To do so include step by step guide to use your project.

Contribute
Let people know how they can contribute into your project. A contributing guideline will be a big plus.

Credits
Give proper credits. This could be a link to any repo which inspired you to build this project, any blogposts or links to people who contrbuted in this project.

Anything else that seems useful
License
A short snippet describing the license (MIT, Apache etc)

MIT © The-Fifth
